Dds 1537 add title to the autogenerated email sent to users when they get access (#1475)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web: SPRINTLOG.md

- Column `sto4_start_time` is automatically set when the create-unit command is run ([#1668])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1668)
- Replace expired invites when there's a new invitation attempt ([#1466](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1466))
- New version: 2.5.1 ([#1471](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1471))

# 2023-10-02 - 2023-10-13

> - Added the project title aling with the internal project ID in the email sent when a project is released ([#1537])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1537)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Project title displayed along with the internal project ID email sent when a project is released ([#1537])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1537)
```
